#! /bin/sh
head -$((RANDOM%99+3)) $0 | tail -1; exit 0
When Alexander Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris.
Fear of spiders is aracnaphobia, fear of tight spaces is chlaustraphobia, fear of Chuck Norris is called Logic.
Chuck Norris doesn't call the wrong number. You answer the wrong phone.
Chuck Norris has a grizzly bear carpet in his room. The bear isn't dead it is just afriad to move.
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Ghosts sit around the campfire and tell Chuck Norris stories.
Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, Death just hasn't built up the courage to tell him yet.
Chuck Norris won American Idol using only sign language.
Chuck Norris has already been to Mars. That's why there are no signs of life.
Chuck Norris won the World Series of Poker using Pokemon cards.
Once the cop pulled over Chuck Norris... the cop was lucky to leave with a warning.
Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
Chuck Norris can cut through a hot knife with butter.
In high school, teachers had to raise up their hand to speak to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris and Superman once fought each other on a bet. The loser had to start wearing his underwear on the outside of his pants.
Chuck Norris once urinated in a semi truck's gas tank as a joke... that truck is now known as Optimus Prime.
Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the shit out of it.
Death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity... twice.
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its decendants are known as Giraffes today.
Once a cobra bit Chuck Norris' leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of animals Chuck Norris allows to live.
When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.
Chuck Norris can light a fire by rubbing two ice-cubes together.
The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' hand is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Chuck Norris can actually understand a woman's mind.
Chuck Norris can make scissors beat rock.
Chuck Norris' business card says, "I'll call you."
Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
Chuck Norris made a Happy Meal cry.
Chuck Norris can clap with one hand.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a lawnmower, he stands outside and dares the grass to grow.
Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.
Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 50 people, then the grenade exploded.
Chuck Norris doesent need twitter, he's already following you.
One day a kid in school was asked a math question. He simply said "Chuck Norris" and the teacher said he was wrong. The teacher was never seen again.
Chuck Norris' cowboy boots are made of real cowboys.
Chuck Norris drew a triangle with four sides.
Chuck Norris sleeps in the light. Not because he is afraid of the dark but because the dark is afraid of him.
Chuck Norris can call himself on his own cell phone and doesn't get a busy signal.
Outer space exists because it's afraid to be on the same planet with Chuck Norris.
Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him.
Chuck Norris can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
When Chuck Norris jumps into a pool, he doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck Norrised!
Chuck Norris does not say "thank you", that would imply you had the option to decline his request.
Chuck Norris can hear sign language.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
Chuck Norris can pick oranges from an apple tree and make the best lemonade youve ever tasted.
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
Chuck Norris knows Victoria's secret.
Chuck Norris can kill your imaginary friends.
Chuck actually died four years ago, but the Grim Reaper can't get up the courage to tell him.
Chuck Norris can drown a fish.
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
M.C. Hammer learned the hard way that Chuck Norris can touch this.
Chuck Norris can sit in the corner of a round room.
The only time Chuck Norris was wrong was when he thought he had made a mistake.
Chuck Norris doesn't see dead people. Dead people see Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris came back from past the point of no return.
Chuck Norris is Luke Skywalkers father.
When Chuck Norris watches The Ring the little girl in the well dies 7 days later.
Chuck Norris can beat you in chess by moving only one time.
The reason the Apple logo has a bite in it is because Chuck Norris was hungry.
Chuck Norris can make origami from a stone.
Chuck Norris can play Beethoven's Symphony #5 on the bongos.
The movie Godzilla was a depiction of Chuck Norris' first visit to Tokyo.
There used to be a band called 'The Peas', but after Chuck Norris came around, they are now called 'The Black-Eyed Peas'!
Chuck Norris makes polar bears fly south for the winter.
Chuck Norris put the sword in the stone.
Chuck Norris banged the tooth fairy.
Chuck Norris built a treehouse with a basement in it.
Slow motion was invented in an attempt to defeat Chuck Norris. In response, Chuck Norris invented fast forward.
Chuck Norris stopped the cookie monster eating cookies.
God wanted to create the world in 10 days. Chuck Norris gave him 6.
God said let there be light, Chuck Noris said say please.
Chuck Norris ordered a Bic Mac at Burger King, and got it.
Chuck Norris can get blackjack with just one card.
Chuck Norris uses a stunt double, for crying scenes.
Chuck Norris is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.
Chuck Norris can write infinite recursion functions... and have them return.
Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin.
Chuck Norris can access private methods.
There is no Escape key on Chuck Norris' keyboard, because no one escapes Chuck Norris.
If Chuck Norris where as tough as everybody says, he would come and roll my head over the tastatjdhskskaonbvcahahdfdfdsfdkfji
Chuck Norris can order black felt pens by color.
Chuck Norris leaves messages before the beep.
Chuck Norris knows a shotcut at the 100 meter sprint.
Chuck Norris brought Tokio Hotel through the monsun.
Chuck Norris can run to the left in Super Mario Bros.
Chuck Norris plays Counter Strike with a steering wheel.
Chuck Norris eats his Knoppers at 8:30.
Chuck Norris is allowed to talk to the bus driver during the trip.
